Rarity: Um, Pinkie Pie, what are you doing?
Pinkie Pie: Putting marshmallows in my lantern.
Then when we light them, mine will be beautiful and delicious!
Spike: Hey, Twilight, why aren't you with everyone else?
Twilight Sparkle: Sunset said something at camp is causing the other girls to get new magic.
I think it's Midnight Sparkle.
She's still part of me.
I can feel it.
And I think her magic is infecting my friends.
Spike: What are we gonna do?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know what I can do.
Gloriosa Daisy: Okay, everyone!
It's time to watch your lanterns fly!
Timber Spruce: Hey, cool lantern!
Mine's my face.
Timber Spruce: Uh, you okay?
Twilight Sparkle: Mhm.
Timber Spruce: You don't seem like yourself tonight.
Gloriosa Daisy: Ready?
And... Go!
Pinkie Pie: Aw! Oh well!
Now I get to eat it!
Yep, Beautiful and delicious.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight? Twilight!
Oh, where is she going?
Twilight?
What are you doing out here?
Twilight Sparkle: We're... we're meeting a cab to take us home.
Spike: She thought you'd talk her out of it.
Sunset Shimmer: Because I would.
Twilight, you can't leave.
Pinkie Pie: You don't think it was the spirit, do you?!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it was me.
Twilight Sparkle: I think it's Midnight Sparkle.
She's still part of me.
I can feel it.
And I think her magic is infecting my friends.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, there's no Midnight Sparkle.
There's only you.
Twilight Sparkle: How did you know what I was thinking?
Sunset Shimmer: When I touched your hand, I can see things.
I can understand why you were leaving.
My new magic!
This is my new magic!
This is incredible!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it's not.
I'm infecting you now!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, you have to stop looking at this as a bad thing.
Twilight Sparkle: Easy for you to say.
Magic turned you into something beautiful.
The last time I tried to use it,
it turned me into a monster.
I'm just so afraid it's gonna happen again.
Sunset Shimmer: Yes, last time into something amazing,
but I've let magic turn me into a monster, too.
So if anyone understands what you're going through, it's me.
I can help you, Twilight.
And the rest of our friends can be there for you, too.
But not if you run away.
Twilight Sparkle: I'll stay.
I still don't think this is a good idea for me
to be near the rest of our friends right now.
Not until we know why this is happening.
Sunset Shimmer: Understood.
Sunset Shimmer: What was that?!
Timber Spruce: Oh, wait. Twilight?
Twilight Sparkle: Timber?
I'm so glad it's just you!
What are you doing out here?
Sunset Shimmer: With an axe.
Timber Spruce: I was chopping down firewood.
Sunset Shimmer: In the middle of a night?
Timber Spruce: We needed more for tomorrow's campfire.
And if I didn't take care of it tonight,
it would be one more thing Gloriosa would add to her list.
I've got this!
Timber Spruce: What about you two?
Why are you hanging out in the woods in the middle of a night?
Sunset Shimmer: Oh, I was sleepwalking.
Twilight found me and was bringing me back to camp.
Twilight Sparkle: Mhm.
Timber Spruce: Come on, I'll walk you guys back.
I'll protect you from Gaia Everfree!
Everfree! Everfree!
Sunset Shimmer: Come on,
that's obviously just a spooky story you made up to tell around the campfire.
Timber Spruce: Oh, no.
It's legit.
How else would you explain what happened at the docks?
And that weird thing when the earth shook?
Uh, come on, I know a shortcut back to the tents.
Sunset Shimmer: Legit, huh?
I think we just found our Gaia Everfree.
Spike: But why would he work so hard to make us think she was real?
Sunset Shimmer: You heard what he said
about wishing his sister would sell out the camp.
If nobody wants to come here,
because it's home to some angry ancient nature spirit,
it sure would help his cause.
Spike: We should tell Twilight.
Sunset Shimmer: Not yet.
She's obviously going on through a lot right now.
We should probably be one hundred percent sure
before we tell her the guy she likes is a jerk
who's trying to run everybody out of camp.
Spike: Uh-huh!
Rainbow Dash: Phew!
Uh, you gonna give us a hand here, Rarity?
Rarity: Oh, I'd love to,
but I really need to get the stitching on this poncho done
before it's going to make it into the camp fashion show.
Not to haste you two with moving.
I don't know that the runway will ever be finished.
Applejack: The dock is our gift to the camp
and it's gonna get finished.
That is if Rainbow Dash would hurry up and bring me more wood.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, I can't go any faster!
I don't want to end up in the woods again.
Applejack: Don't be silly.
Rainbow Dash: Really?
Applejack: I know I said we should try to forget all about this new magic business,
but I can't.
What if I hammer the board into splinters?
Applejack: Aw, shoot!
I'm out of nails.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, here you go!
Rarity, Fluttershy, Applejack and Rainbow Dash: Pinkie, no! 
Pinkie Pie: What?
Oh, did you think that nails would explode like the sprinkles?
Wow! Glad that didn't happen, huh?
Rarity: Sorry, girls.
I didn't mean to.
And I don't know how to control this.
Rainbow Dash: It's okay.
Fluttershy: Oh, none of us do.
Sunset Shimmer: Which is why we shouldn't pretend this isn't happening.
Rainbow Dash: Do you have it now, too?
Sunset Shimmer: It started last night.
When I touch people,
it's like I can feel what they're feeling and see their memories.
Pinkie Pie: Oooh, fancy! Try me, try me!
Pinkie Pie: Lalalala. Ooh, taffy!
Sunset Shimmer: That explains so much.
Pinkie Pie: Yep.
Sunset Shimmer: Girls, we can't just brush these powers aside,
because it doesn't seem like the ideal time to get them.
What if it turns out that they could actually make things better?