Fluttershy: Oh, why do these kind of things always happen to us?
Rarity: What are we going to do?
Rainbow Dash: What we always do!
Save the day!
Pinkie Pie: Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! 
his is gonna be so much fun!
Oh, I only wish we had time to make superhero capes!
Rarity: Oh, me too!
Rainbow Dash: Duh, enough about our wardrobe!
We've got to stop Gloriosa from trapping everybody in here!
Fluttershy: Um, hi.
Do you think you can give us a hand–
Um, or paw? We could really use a way out.
Applejack: Hmpf.
Applejack: This isn't working!
Her magic is too strong!
Sunset Shimmer: Nice work, Spike!
Twilight, you have to use your magic!
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think I can lift something that big.
Sunset Shimmer: It’s our only chance of getting out of here
and helping our friends!
Gaia Everfree: Why are you fighting me?
I'm doing this to save our camp!
I'm doing this for you!
Rarity: Gloriosa, let's just think about this for a moment, shall we?
I mean, I think Camp Everfree is absolutely delightful,
but I just don't know if I'm quite ready to give up my weekly trips to the spa.
Gaia Everfree: To the spa.
TO THE SPA?!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa, this isn't the way!
Gaea Everfree: I appreciate your concern, Timber,
BUT I GOT THIS!
Timber Spruce: Gah. No, you don't!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, do you think you can use your magic?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't wanna use too much.
Midnight Sparkle could take over.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, our friends are in there!
Twilight Sparkle: Okay.
Timber Spruce: Please, Gloriosa.
What you're doing is crazy.
You have to listen to me!
Sunset Shimmer: That isn't Gloriosa.
Rarity: Twilight!
Applejack: Sunset!
Rainbow Dash: You're okay!
Sunset Shimmer: That isn't your sister.
It's someone who's been consumed by Equestrian magic.
Timber Spruce: Whoever you are, you have to let my sister go!
Please, Gloriosa, come back!
I need you! Gloriosa!
Applejack: Rarity!
Rarity: I can't keep this up forever!
Sunset Shimmer: It's up to you.
You can use your magic to pull the brambles apart!
Twilight Sparkle: No. There's too many of them.
It would take too much magic. I can't!
Sunset Shimmer: It's the only way!
You have to embrace the magic inside you!
Twilight Sparkle: What if she takes over?
What if instead of saving everyone,
I'll turn into Midnight Sparkle and only make things worse?
Sunset Shimmer: That won't happen!
We won't let it.
Sunset Shimmer: Come on, Twilight!
You have to be stronger than she is!
Midnight Sparkle: You will never control me! I will always be a part of you!
Twilight Sparkle: Nooo!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, listen to me! You are in charge!
Rarity: You are a light, darling! A force for good!
Rainbow Dash: Yeah! You can kick darkness’s butt!
Pinkie Pie: We're here for you, Twilight!
Applejack: And we'll be here no matter what!
Fluttershy: We believe in you!
Sunset Shimmer: You are not Midnight Sparkle!
Twilight Sparkle: No! I am Twilight Sparkle!
And the magic I carry inside me is the magic of friendship!
Gaia Everfree: No! Stop!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa?
Gloriosa Daisy: What... What happened?
Timber Spruce: It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Spike: You did it!
Oh, nice bling.
Applejack: What... What are these?
Sunset Shimmer: I'm not sure.
But clearly we have some kind of connection to them.
Rarity: I almost don't care what they are.
They are gorgeous!
And will totally go with the other collection I was working on for the camp fashion show!
That's probably cancelled, isn’t' it?
Gloriosa Daisy: I am so sorry.
I only wanted this to be the best week Camp Everfree has ever had.
Then instead I've made it the worst.
Maybe it's for the best that I'm losing the camp to Filthy Rich.
Principal Celestia: No, it's not.
This camp has meant so much to so many people,
my sister and me included.
Vice Principal Luna: Why do you think we wanted our students to come here?
Twilight Sparkle: We can't let Filthy Rich take this place away!
If camp meant so much to you two,
maybe it meant as much to the other campers who came here in years past?
Sunset Shimmer: And maybe we can get them to save it!
Applejack: Oh, like a fundraiser?
Rarity: Or a ball?!
Rainbow Dash: Our band can play!
Fluttershy: I can help writing a new song just for the occasion!
Gloriosa Daisy: Those are all good ideas, but where would we hold it?
Sunset Shimmer: We can hold it in the crystal cave!
Rarity: A crystal ball! I'm on it!
Gloriosa Daisy: I admire everyone's enthusiasm,
really, I do,
but I-I just don't know how we're going to plan a ball by tomorrow
and invite everyone.
Equestria Girls: We got this!