Rainbow Dash: Okay, that was pretty awesome!
Sunset Shimmer: And look what you managed to accomplish!
Rarity: Please, please, please,
can we do a run-through for the fashion show on it right this minute?
Applejack: Thought you weren't finished with the stitching on your poncho.
Rarity: I am now.
Sunset Shimmer: Get started without me.
I've got to find Twilight.
Seeing what we've been able to do might make her embrace the new magic, too!
Uh, not that she has any.
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you!
You have to let it go!
Sunset Shimmer: I knew it!
He wants her to get rid of the camp!
Sunset Shimmer and Flash Sentry: Uh!
Flash Sentry: Sunset Shimmer?
What were you doing behind that door?
Sunset Shimmer: What?
Um, nothing.
I, um, lost an earring. Uh, there it is!
Flash Sentry: Hey, listen.
I'm glad I ran into you.
I really wanted to thank you.
Sunset Shimmer: For what?
Flash Sentry: Huh, for the tough love.
Telling me I should get over Twilight.
I needed to hear that.
Sunset Shimmer: Sure, no problem.
Flash Sentry: Is something wrong?
Sunset Shimmer: What?
No. Why?
Flash Sentry: Come on, Sunset.
We used to date.
I know when something's bothering you.
Sunset Shimmer: Okay, here's the deal.
My friend really likes someone,
but I don't think that someone isn't who she thinks they are.
I don't wanna upset my friend by telling what I think,
because I also want to protect her,
because if what I think is happening is really happening,
then she deserves to know.
You know?
Flash Sentry: No.
But what I do know is that your friend is lucky
to have someone like you to look out for her.
Sunset Shimmer: Really?
Flash Sentry: Yeah.
You know, you've changed a lot since we went out.
You're so much... nicer.
Sunset Shimmer: Thanks. I'm glad you noticed.
Flash Sentry: Uh, look, maybe you and me...
We could start over as... friends.
Sunset Shimmer: Uh, uh, sounds great.
I gotta go!
Flash Sentry: Cool, yeah!
I want to start over later, too! Hah.
Sunset Shimmer: Ah, shoot!
He's definitely up to something!
Twilight Sparkle: It's Sunset.
She says to meet her by the rock quarry.
Spike: I though we weren't supposed to hike out that far.
Twilight Sparkle: She says it's important!
Twilight Sparkle: What is that?
Sunset Shimmer: Shh!
Twilight Sparkle: What's going on down there?
Sunset Shimmer: I think it's Gaia Everfree.
Or rather someone who wants us to think she's back.
C'mon!
Twilight Sparkle: This place is beautiful.
Sunset Shimmer: There's Equestrian magic here.
I can... I can feel it.
Spike: Wait.
I thought that Timber was just faking there was magical nature creature.
Are you saying it's real?
Twilight Sparkle: Timber?
What does he have to do with any of this?
Gloriosa Daisy: Nothing. It's all me.
Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa?
But... Timber.
I was sure he was the one
trying to make it seem like Gaia Everfree was back.
It was you who was trying to scare everyone away?
Gloriosa Daisy: I would never try scare anyone away from Camp Everfree.
Filthy Rich: My, my.
You fell behind on your payments, Gloriosa.
I own the land now.
Gloriosa Daisy: Please, my great grandparents founded this place.
It's been in our family for generations!
You have to let the camp stay!
Filthy Rich: Instead of turning it into a spa resort
that will line my pockets with more money than this camp ever could?
I don't think so.
Gloriosa Daisy: Please!
I-I-I-I just need a little more time!
Filthy Rich: Fine. I'll give you 'til the end of the month.
Hmph.
Gloriosa Daisy: What will I do?
Gloriosa Daisy: Huh?
Gloriosa Daisy: Oof. Wow!
Timber Spruce: You don't know what those things are!
Gloriosa Daisy: But I know what they can do!
I've been practicing!
I can control their power now!
Timber Spruce: You don't know that for sure!
Gloriosa Daisy: This is our camp and it's being taken away!
If this has to be our last week here,
I'm going to use whatever it takes to make it count!
Timber Spruce: You were using magic all over the place!
I had to tell them something to cover for you!
What did you want me to do?
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you!
You have to let it go!
Sunset Shimmer: Timber wasn't talking about letting go of the camp.
He was talking about you letting go of the magical geodes!
All those things you were doing to make this week the best week ever,
every time you used magic to do them,
you caused another problem somewhere else!
Timber was... covering for you!
Gloriosa Daisy: How do you know what I was doing with the geodes?
How do you know about the magic?
Sunset Shimmer: I can see things.
Feel things.
Because I have magic, too.
And so does she.
And so do our friends.
Twilight Sparkle: Gloriosa, Timber wasn't wrong.
Maybe you should stop using magic?
Too much of it can be dangerous if you can't control it!
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, I got this!
And I'm going to use it to save my camp.
I just need more power!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
Gaia Everfree: Sorry, girls.
I know what I need to do.
But I feel like we're not on the same page.
So...
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
Rarity: Where are Twilight and Sunset?
Oh, they're missing our dress rehearsal.
Pinkie Pie: Uh-uh.
Rarity: I suppose we can get started without them.
Whenever you're ready!
Rarity: Hmm, told you you'd like it.
Applejack: It's alright... I guess.
I get to keep it after camp, though, right?
Snails: She looks... different.
Snips: Yeah. She looks... taller.
Rarity: This is only a preview.
I've got another entire line I'll debut at the real thing.
Rarity: Why did you stop the–
Oh my goodness!
Gaia Everfree: Attention, campers!
Trixie: It's Gaia Everfree!
Flash Sentry: She's real!
Bulk Biceps: Aah! We're doomed!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa?!
What are you doing?!
Applejack: That's Gloriosa?
Am I going crazy or her feet are not touching the ground?
Pinkie Pie: Freaky-deaky!
Gaia Everfree: I have an announcement to make!
Filthy Rich wants this to be the last session of Camp Everfree.
But don't worry,
I got this!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, come on!
We literally just finished building that!