Spike: So many squirrels.
Sunset Shimmer: Spike?
Spike: Ah! Oh, aw man!
I was having the best dream.
Wait, that dream could be a reality!
Sunset Shimmer: Before you run off to chase squirrels,
do you have any idea where Twilight could be?
I really need to talk to her.
Spike: What happened?
Did you do that lifting things off the ground again?
Sunset Shimmer: That's just it, I don't know if it was her,
but if it was, we need to deal with it head on.
Spike: I can track her down.
Twilight Sparkle: Keep it together. Deep breaths.
You are not a monster.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, hi.
What are you doing here?
Timber Spruce: Uh, looking for you.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I just went on a nature walking, got a little lost.
Timber Spruce: Let me show you the way.
I'm kind of an expert on these woods.
I've lived here my whole life.
Twilight Sparkle: That must have been nice.
Growing up at a camp.
Timber Spruce: Yeah, though it has its downsides.
When I was younger I wish we would sell this place
so we can live in a town like normal people.
Twilight Sparkle: Really?
Timber Spruce: I was ten. I really wanted to hang out in the mall.
Timber Spruce: I've never told that to anyone.
You must be special.
And not just because you have tree branch in your hair.
Twilight Sparkle: Uh. How long has that been in there?
Timber Spruce: Not long. Just the whole time we were talking.
Twilight Sparkle: Then why didn't you say something?
Sunset Shimmer: I guess we can help Twilight deal with the magic stuff a little later.
Principal Celestia: Rope climbing is all perseverance and trust.
Rarity, you can trust that Applejack will spot you.
Rainbow Dash: Yeah, so you can totally go faster than you're going.
Applejack: Rainbow Dash!
Rainbow Dash: Sorry. I've been waiting to do this since we got here.
Rarity: Well, you have to wait a little longer, darling.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, good!
Twilight, if you spot me, I can finally go.
I'll go get another harness.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm not sure–
Timber Spruce: I'll better make sure my sister doesn't need anything.
See you later.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, there you are!
I was looking for you!
Spike: Was than an earthquake?
Twilight Sparkle: We aren't near any fault lines.
Bulk Biceps: Hey! Who left this crystally dusty stuff here?!
Rarity: I-I believe I'd like to come down now!
Applejack: Sorry, it's a little bit stuck.
Rarity: Applejack! What are you doing?!
Principal Celestia: Is everything okay over there?
Applejack: Uh, I don't know what happened.
I didn't even pull the rope that hard.
It's like she was light as a feather all of sudden.
Rarity: I was scared half to death!
Applejack: It wasn't my fault! Let me get your harness out.
Rarity: No, thank you!
Principal Celestia: What in the world just happened?!
Rarity: Oh, dear! I am so sorry! I think.
Did I just do... whatever that was?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think it was your fault.
I need to get Applejack towel.
Sunset Shimmer: Me too.
You're not the only one with a new kind of magic!
This is great!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it's not!
Rarity and Applejack could have really hurt each other!
Why is this happening? I don't–
Gloriosa Daisy: Hi, girls! Anything I can do for you?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh, Applejack just fallen to the lake!
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, no!
She's gonna need warm towels, dry clothes, oh, and a hot cocoa!
I've got this!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: Fluttershy?