Sunset Shimmer: Did you?
How is this possible?
Twilight Sparkle: I can't believe this.
It's...
Sunset Shimmer: Amazing! 
Twilight Sparkle: Terrible!
Sunset Shimmer: Are you kidding?
This is great!
I mean, we've all ponyed up before,
gotten the whole ears and wings and tail thing,
shot magical rainbow lasers,
but nothing like this has ever happened!
How did you do it?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know!
Maybe I didn't?
Maybe it's her?!
Sunset Shimmer: Her who?
Twilight Sparkle: Nothing.
Nevermind.
Can we just not talk about it?
And could you please not bring this whole levitating thing up to the others?
Sunset Shimmer: Why not?
Twilight Sparkle: You heard Applejack.
This is supposed to be the place where everyone can get away from magic.
I don't want them to know I brought some crazy new kind with me.
Sunset Shimmer: If you really don't want me to, I won't say anything.
Twilight Sparkle: I really don't.
Sunset Shimmer: Okay, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing!
Omm... Omm... 
Spike: I think you just gotta have to pick it up.
Gloriosa Daisy: ...show up like that!
Sunset Shimmer: What did you say?
Gloriosa Daisy: I... didn't say anything.
Just here to make everyone was headed over to the docks!
Did you need something?
Sunset Shimmer: Nope.
Gloriosa Daisy: Because if there is anything I can do
to make this week the best week ever,
you just let me know.
I've got this!
Sunset Shimmer: Thanks, I'm good.
People that chipper make me nervous.
Pinkie Pie: This is gonna be so much fun!
Sunset Shimmer: I guess not all people.
Rarity: Oh, it's beautiful, isn't it?
It looks like a diamond shining in the sun!
Fluttershy: It is lovely out here.
The fresh air, the cool breeze,
the birds that land on your finger.
Rainbow Dash: I think that only happens to you.
Gloriosa Daisy: Lake activities are available every day until sunset,
so if you want to canoe, sail, windsurf or swim, just let me know.
Fluttershy: Aren't they just the cutest?
Timber Spruce: Whoa! I know I'm charming,
but you don't have to fall for me.
Flash Sentry: Guess I can't get too jealous, right?
After all, she isn't my Twilight.
Not that the other Twilight was mine!
But, we were... you know.
Sunset Shimmer: Yeah. I get it.
But if your Twilight is a princess in Equestria,
hate to bring it to you,
but that's where she's gonna spend most of her time.
Flash Sentry: So you're saying I just need to get over it?
Sunset Shimmer: Kinda, yeah.
Flash Sentry: Ouch! You're not pulling any punches.
Sunset Shimmer: Not really my style.
Sorry.
Vice Principal Luna: This is a safety hazard.
I suggest we close down the dock for the remainder of the camp.
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, I'm sure it won't have to be for the remainder of the camp.
Just needs to be patched up a bit.
I've got this!
Applejack: Huh. Or maybe we do!
If you ask me, this whole dock needs to go.
Building a new one could be our camp gift.
Sure, it would benefit us,
but a nice new dock would benefit future campers, too.
Timber Spruce: I don't know.
It's an awful lot of work.
I wouldn't want you guys to miss out doing other fun camp stuff,
because you're so busy building a dock for future campers.
Rainbow Dash: I hear what you're saying, Timber,
but we're Canterlot Wondercolts!
We've got a reputation to uphold!
And there's no way we're gonna leave this place
without contributing the most awesome camp gift ever!
I'm with AJ, building a new dock is definitely it!
What do you guys think?
Gloriosa Daisy: Looks like it's settled, then.
Timber Spruce: Looks like it.
Sunset Shimmer: That's some tension alright.
Twilight Sparkle: We can reinforce foundation.
Applejack: make it nice and sturdy.
Sunset Shimmer: And we can add a woodcarved sign this is Camp Everfree.
Fluttershy: And little boxes with food
so you can feed the ducks and fishes.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, we'll add lanterns so you can see at night!
Rarity: Oh, it's stunning!
And will make an absolutely perfect runway for my camp fashion show!
Applejack: Or importantly,
it will be a great place for docking canoes and feeding the wildlife.
Rarity: Oh, you say tomato,
I say perfect place to showcase glamorous boho-chic stylings.
Twilight Sparkle: What do you guys think?
Principal Celestia: It's going to be a lot of work, but we can do it!
Pinkie Pie: Yes! Adult supervision!
Applejack: Huh, nice hammer.
Where did you get it?
Rainbow Dash: Em, duh! The toolbox?
Applejack: Hah, that's cool.
I made mine.
Rainbow Dash: Guh.
Twilight Sparkle: Making lanterns out of solar-powered garden lights!
Pretty crafty there, Timber!
Timber Spruce: You think that's crafty?
You should see my macaroni art.
I'm like the Picasso of noodles.
Principal Celestia: Aright, now!
You've made a lot of progress.
But it's going to be getting dark soon.
We can pick this up tomorrow between our other camp activities.
Gloriosa Daisy: Everyone, get cleaned out,
and we'll gather by the fire pit at eight to share s'mores and scary stories!
Pinkie Pie: S'MORES!!!