Rarity: And that's when she looked down


and realized she was wearing purple socks with the burgundy dress!


Purple and burgundy, darlings!


The same color family!


Applejack: That was a terrifying story.


Rainbow Dash: Yeah, I' m terrified she'll try to tell it again.


Vice Principal Luna: Anyone else have a spooky story?


Timber Spruce: I have one.


But I'm warning you, you might as well hug a friend now.


That's how scary it is!


Fluttershy: Oh, dear.


Timber Spruce: It's time I told you about the legend of Gaia Everfree.


Many years ago my great grandparents came to this forest.


Seeing its beauty, they decided that it would be the perfect place for a camp.


But once they started building, strange things started to happen.


One pitch-black night, when the wind was howling,


a tree branch crashed through the roof of their cabin.


They screamed and ran outside,


only to see the giant creature rising from the earth.


She got wild hair, like the roots of a tree.


Her mouth had jagged rock teeth and her eyes were pools of black tar.


But her aura shimmered like diamonds.


Anywhere she went, she left a trail of gemdust in her wake.


Trembling, my great grandparents asked who she was and she wanted.


In a deep and hollow voice she told them that her name was Gaia Everfree –


an ancient spirit who held domain over the forest,


and that my great grandparent were trespassing on her land.


They begged her to let them stay and build their camp


to share this wonderful place with others.


Gaia Everfree finally agreed,


but warned them that they would not be able to keep it forever.


Some day she will return and reclaim the forest as her own.


So if you see a trail of gemdust, you'll know that it is...


Gaia Everfree!


Gloriosa Daisy: Hey, guys! Sorry, didn't mean to scare you!


Sunset Shimmer: Then why'd you come out of the bushes?


Gloriosa Daisy: I... took the scenic route, because the forest is beautiful at night.


But no one else should do it without a guide, okay?


Alright, everybody, time to head to you tents.


Snips: Oh, hey, Gloriosa.


Do you have extra toothbrushes? I forgot mine.


Gloriosa Daisy: Sure do! I'll get one for you.


Snails: I'm scared of the dark! Do you have flashlights?


Gloriosa Daisy: Of course! I got this!


Spike: Fluttershy?


Fluttershy: Sorry, Spike. I guess that story got to me.


Applejack: Why? It can't be real.


Rainbow Dash: I don't know.


Gaia Everfree could be some creature that got booted from Equestria


and ended up in this world. That's what happened with the sirens.


Applejack: Eh. Sounded more like something that Timber was making up just to scare us.


At least I hope it was.


Last thing I want is to have camp ruined by some power-crazed magical creature.


Rarity: Oh, hear-hear.


We had to deal with more than our fair share of those.


At the Fall Formal, a musical showcase, the Friendship Ga–


Well, I mean, you know, everything turned out alright, of course 


Twilight Sparkle: Mmm. I'm kinda tired. I'm in a turn in.


Sunset Shimmer: Maybe lay off bringing up what happened at the Friendship Games?


I think she's still pretty sensitive about it.


Pinkie Pie: Our lips are sealed.


Midnight Sparkle: Here I am! Over here. I'm always here!


Twilight Sparkle: No!


Sunset Shimmer: Who's there? What happened?


Twilight Sparkle: Nothing. Sorry, Sunset.


Sunset Shimmer: Uh, Twilight, I think something happened.


Spike: Is it time to get up already?


Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, we really have to talk about this.


Twilight Sparkle: No, we don't!


Sunset Shimmer: Hey, I know you don't want to,


but I really think we need to figure out what's going on with your magic.


If you could learn to control it–


Twilight Sparkle: That's just it! I'll never be able to control it!


Rainbow Dash: What happened?


Twilight Sparkle: I didn't mean to!


Sunset Shimmer: We didn't see anything, so we don't know what happened.


Sunset Shimmer: Are you okay?


Sandalwood: Yeah. It was so weird.


We were stuck in a middle of the lake with no wind,


then all of a sudden BAM!


The wind picked up and we were pushed right into the dock.


Pinkie Pie: You don't think it was the spirit, do you?!


Twilight Sparkle: No, it was me.


Trixie: Spirit, show yourself!


The Great and Powerful Trixie commands it!


Rarity: What's that?!


Rainbow Dash: Oh, man! All our hard work! Ruined!


Fluttershy: At least the fishes are really well.


Sunset Shimmer: Let's salvage what we can out of the water.


Maybe we can still fix this?


Rarity: We have to try! Camp Everfree needs our runway!


Applejack: Dock.


Rarity: Dock, yes, that's what I meant.