Sunset Shimmer: What happened?!


Fluttershy: You know, we were just decorating cookies and–


Pinkie Pie: And I was all


"You need more sprinkles! And you need more sprinkles!"


Sunset Shimmer: So, standard Pinkie Pie stuff.


Pinkie Pie: I was just tossing sprinkles to Fluttershy,


when all of a sudden they glowed pink and exploded!


Pinkie Pie: Just like that, only earlier!


Sunset Shimmer: Oookaay, why don't you lay off touching stuff for a while?


Fluttershy: Oh, dear.


We really should clean all of this up.


Can someone help me out?


Fluttershy: Thank you, mister bird.


Fluttershy: Why, of course I can get you little something to–


Did you just... talk?


Fluttershy: But I don't speak chirp.


Fluttershy: I don't know if you're the only bird I can understand.


Fluttershy: Oh, no!


Please don't call for your friends.


Fluttershy: It's nice to meet all of you, too.


Sunset Shimmer: Were you just talking to the birds?


Fluttershy: Um, yes?


Applejack: Did you tell them what happened?


So crazy!


I hoisted up Rarity up the wall climbing wall like it was nothing!


Like I had way more strength than I usually do.


Rarity: And I made diamondy thing appear out of nowhere,


which normally I'd be excited about.


I mean, the facets were just perfect.


And the–


Applejack: Rarity!


Rarity: Oh, sorry.


It knocked Applejack over and then it disappeared!


Applejack: Speaking of disappearing, has anybody seen Rainbow Dash?


Rainbow Dash: Ow!


Applejack: Whoa! How did you do that?


Rainbow Dash: I don't know.


I've started running to get the harness,


and the next thing I knew I was practically back in town!


Rarity: But if you had some sort of superspeed,


why you were gone for so long?


Rainbow Dash: Because I lost it when I got far away.


And then it came back when got close to camp.


Pinkie Pie: Being at camp is giving us all new magical abilities!


Sunset Shimmer: Not all of us has gotten new abilities.


I haven't, but Twilight– hasn't, either.


Applejack: So much for my theory


that leaving CHS would mean leaving any new magic business behind.


Sunset Shimmer: Something at the camp must be making this happen.


Fluttershy: Um, Gaia Everfree? 


Gloriosa Daisy: Applejack! I was looking for you!


Here, I brought you some towels and dry clothes.


Uh, what happened in here?


Sunset Shimmer: We're kinda trying to figure that out.


Gloriosa Daisy: Well, don't worry about it. I got this!


Sandalwood: Gloriosa, I kicked my beanbag into the lake!


Gloriosa Daisy: I'll get you another one!


Derpy: And I'm all out of arrows!


Gloriosa Daisy: Say no more! New arrows coming right up!


Timber Spruce: There you are!


Filthy Rich is back.


Do you want me to handle it?


Gloriosa Daisy: Absolutely not! I got this! 


Sunset Shimmer: Fluttershy, enough with the screaming!


Fluttershy: I didn't scream.


Rainbow Dash: For once.


Rarity: Nobody did.


Sunset Shimmer: Huh?


Principal Celestia: Attention, campers!


Anyone who's interested in making floating paper lanterns,


please meet us by the picnic tables.


Applejack: I don't know about the rest of y'all,


but I've been looking forward to coming here for a month.


Maybe we'll forget about this new magic for a bit


and just try to focus on enjoying our time at camp?


Rarity: I was also excited about designs I've come up for the camp fashion show.


Rainbow Dash: And I've barely gotten to whoop anybody in tetherball.


Sunset Shimmer: I think we should try to figure it out.


But if letting it go for now is what the rest of you want...