Rainbow Dash: Okay, that was pretty awesome!
好吧，确实很酷炫啊
Sunset Shimmer: And look what you managed to accomplish!
再看看我们的成果
Rarity: Please, please, please, can we do a run-through for the fashion show on it right this minute?
求你啦
求你啦
求你啦
我们能现在就在这里做一次时装秀彩排吗？
Applejack: Thought you weren't finished with the stitching on your poncho.
可是你的披风都没缝好
Rarity: I am now.
现在缝好了
Sunset Shimmer: Get started without me. I've got to find Twilight. Seeing what we've been able to do might make her embrace the new magic, too! Uh, not that she has any.
你们先搞吧，我要去找暮暮
她看到我们的成果说不定
她也就拥抱自己的新魔法了
不是说她有啊
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
我真希望你没给她们讲这个蠢故事
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you! You have to let it go!
你这样子压力太大了！要学会放手！
Sunset Shimmer: I knew it! He wants her to get rid of the camp!
我就知道！他想卖掉营地！
Flash Sentry: Sunset Shimmer? What were you doing behind that door?
余晖烁烁？你在门后面干什么呢？
Sunset Shimmer: What? Um, nothing. I, um, lost an earring. Uh, there it is!
啥？没干什么啊
我－那个－耳环掉了
啊，找到了
Flash Sentry: Hey, listen. I'm glad I ran into you. I really wanted to thank you.
那个，正好碰到你
我很想谢谢你
Sunset Shimmer: For what?
谢什么？
Flash Sentry: Huh, for the tough love. Telling me I should get over Twilight. I needed to hear that.
谢你对我感情上的开导
就是说要我放弃暮暮的事情
对我帮助很大
Sunset Shimmer: Sure, no problem.
啊，不客气
Flash Sentry: Is something wrong?
你有什么事吗？
Sunset Shimmer: What? No. Why?
啥？没事啊？
Flash Sentry: Come on, Sunset. We used to date. I know when something's bothering you.
别装了，余晖
你以前是我女朋友
你开不开心我看得出来
Sunset Shimmer: Okay, here's the deal. My friend really likes someone, but I don't think that someone isn't who she thinks they are. I don't wanna upset my friend by telling what I think, because I also want to protect her, because if what I think is happening is really happening, then she deserves to know. You know?
好吧，是这样的
我一个朋友喜欢上了另一个人
但是我觉得那个人和我朋友心里想的不一样
我怕告诉了她我的想法会让她心烦
但我又想保护她
如果事情真如我所想的话
她还是得知道
你懂吧？
Flash Sentry: No. But what I do know is that your friend is lucky to have someone like you to look out for her.
不懂
但是我知道有你这样的朋友替人分忧
你的朋友是相当幸运
Sunset Shimmer: Really?
真的？
Flash Sentry: Yeah. You know, you've changed a lot since we went out. You're so much... nicer.
当初我们一起的时候你还不是这样呢
现在的你…更好了
Sunset Shimmer: Thanks. I'm glad you noticed.
谢了，真高兴你看出来了
Flash Sentry: Uh, look, maybe you and me... We could start over as... friends.
那个，也许我们能重新开始…从朋友做起？
Sunset Shimmer: Uh, uh, sounds great. I gotta go!
嗯嗯，可以
我先走了
Flash Sentry: Cool, yeah! I want to start over later, too! Hah.
嗯，那也行！
我也觉得现在重新开始太早了
唉
Sunset Shimmer: Ah, shoot! He's definitely up to something!
靠！他绝对在搞事
Twilight Sparkle: It's Sunset. She says to meet her by the rock quarry.
是余晖。她说要到采石场去见他
Spike: I though we weren't supposed to hike out that far.
不是说不让去那边吗
Twilight Sparkle: She says it's important!
她说很重要
Twilight Sparkle: What is that?
那是什么？
Twilight Sparkle: What's going on down there?
出什么事了？
Sunset Shimmer: I think it's Gaia Everfree. Or rather someone who wants us to think she's back. C'mon!
我觉得是森灵盖娅
或者说是某个希望我们这么想的人
走！
Twilight Sparkle: This place is beautiful.
这里真漂亮
Sunset Shimmer: There's Equestrian magic here. I can... I can feel it.
这里有马国的魔法
我…我感受得到
Spike: Wait. I thought that Timber was just faking there was magical nature creature. Are you saying it's real?
等等，我还以为魔法生物什么都是木杉装出来的
你的意思是真的有？
Twilight Sparkle: Timber? What does he have to do with any of this?
木杉？他怎么又和这事扯上关系的？
Gloriosa Daisy: Nothing. It's all me.
没关系，都是我干的
Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa? But... Timber. I was sure he was the one trying to make it seem like Gaia Everfree was back. It was you who was trying to scare everyone away?
雏菊？可是……木杉
我还以为是他想让大家觉得森灵盖娅回来了
原来是你想吓跑大家？
Gloriosa Daisy: I would never try scare anyone away from Camp Everfree.
我可不想吓跑森灵营地的任何一个人
Filthy Rich: My, my. You fell behind on your payments, Gloriosa. I own the land now.
唉哟，看来你贷款还慢了，雏菊啊
现在地是我的了
Gloriosa Daisy: Please, my great grandparents founded this place. It's been in our family for generations! You have to let the camp stay!
求你了
这里是我曾祖父母找到的
家里一代一代传下来的
Filthy Rich: Instead of turning it into a spa resort that will line my pockets with more money than this camp ever could? I don't think so.
不修个水疗度假村然后让我赚得盆满钵满？
才不干呢
Gloriosa Daisy: Please! I-I-I-I just need a little more time!
求你了！我－我－我－再给我一点时间吧！
Filthy Rich: Fine. I'll give you 'til the end of the month. Hmph.
也行，这个月底为限
Gloriosa Daisy: What will I do?
我该怎么办？
Timber Spruce: You don't know what those things are!
你不了解这些东西
Gloriosa Daisy: But I know what they can do! I've been practicing! I can control their power now!
但是我知道它们能做些什么！
我一直有练习！
现在它们的力量已经为我所用了！
Timber Spruce: You don't know that for sure!
你又不能确定！
Gloriosa Daisy: This is our camp and it's being taken away! If this has to be our last week here, I'm going to use whatever it takes to make it count!
我们的营地都要没了！
如果这是我们在这里度过的最后一周
那我就要不惜一切代价办好这最后一次
Timber Spruce: You were using magic all over the place! I had to tell them something to cover for you! What did you want me to do?
你到处都在用魔法
我总得跟他们说点什么幌子吧？
你还希望我怎么办？
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
我真希望你没给她们讲这个蠢故事
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you! You have to let it go!
你这样子压力太大了！要学会放手！
Sunset Shimmer: Timber wasn't talking about letting go of the camp. He was talking about you letting go of the magical geodes! All those things you were doing to make this week the best week ever, every time you used magic to do them, you caused another problem somewhere else! Timber was... covering for you!
木杉说的放手不是放弃营地
是说要你放弃这些魔法晶簇
你一直试着办好这周的野营
但是你一用魔法就又会出现新的问题
木杉是……在为你打掩护！
Gloriosa Daisy: How do you know what I was doing with the geodes? How do you know about the magic?
你怎么知道我在用这些晶簇？
你怎么知道魔法的事情的？
Sunset Shimmer: I can see things. Feel things. Because I have magic, too. And so does she. And so do our friends.
我能读心，因为我也有魔法
而且她也有，我们的朋友们都有
Twilight Sparkle: Gloriosa, Timber wasn't wrong. Maybe you should stop using magic? Too much of it can be dangerous if you can't control it!
雏菊，木杉没说错
也许你不应该再用魔法了？
如果不能控制的话大量的魔法很危险的
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, I got this! And I'm going to use it to save my camp. I just need more power!
我行的！
我要用魔法拯救我的营地
现在我只是需要更多力量！
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
不要！
Gaia Everfree: Sorry, girls. I know what I need to do. But I feel like we're not on the same page. So...
抱歉了，两位
我清楚自己要做什么
不过看来你们还不懂而已
所以……
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa!
雏菊！
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
不要！
Rarity: Where are Twilight and Sunset? Oh, they're missing our dress rehearsal.
暮暮和余晖呢？
Rarity: I suppose we can get started without them. Whenever you're ready!
她们要错过我们的彩排了
还是不等她们了
准备好就开始吧！
Rarity: Hmm, told you you'd like it.
都说过你会喜欢了
Applejack: It's alright... I guess. I get to keep it after camp, though, right?
我看…还行吧
野营完了我就可以拿走了，对吗？
Snails: She looks... different.
她看起来…变了
Snips: Yeah. She looks... taller.
是啊，她看起来…长高了
Rarity: This is only a preview. I've got another entire line I'll debut at the real thing.
这只是皮毛而已
正式出演的时候还有整整一队要上呢
Rarity: Why did you stop the–Oh my goodness!
你把音乐停了干－
我的天啊
Gaia Everfree: Attention, campers!
营员们，注意！
Trixie: It's Gaia Everfree!
是森灵盖娅
Flash Sentry: She's real!
她是真的！
Bulk Biceps: Aah! We're doomed!
我们完蛋啦！
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa?! What are you doing?!
雏菊？！你在干什么？！
Applejack: That's Gloriosa? Am I going crazy or her feet are not touching the ground?
那是雏菊？是我秀逗了还是她是飞在空中的？
Pinkie Pie: Freaky-deaky!
好口怕！
Gaia Everfree: I have an announcement to make! Filthy Rich wants this to be the last session of Camp Everfree. But don't worry, I got this!
我有件事要说！
臭钱想要让这周变成最后一届露营
但是不要担心，我行的！
Rainbow Dash: Oh, come on! We literally just finished building that!
靠！我们才修好的！


