Twilight Sparkle: No. It can't be. It isn't true.
Fluttershy: Um, Twilight?
Rainbow Dash: Twilight! The bus for Camp Everfree leaves in ten minutes!
Twilight Sparkle: Oh no no no no no! I can't believe I overslept!
Sunset Shimmer: Me neither. That's not like you.
Twilight Sparkle: I know!
Pinkie Pie: Don't you have a super-annoying alarm clock that goes?
Sunset Shimmer: It's gonna be fine. We'll help you pack.
Applejack: We're gonna be out in the woods. When's she gonna need that?
Rarity: If we were going to the moon, I'd insist she'd pack an evening gown. One never knows, darling.
Twilight Sparkle: Lemme just get changed.
The Equestria Girls: Midnight Sparkle?!
Twilight Sparkle: How is this possible? Sunset Shimmer helped me defeat you at the Friendship Games!
Midnight Sparkle: You and your friends can never truly defeat me!
Midnight Sparkle: Midnight Sparkle's a part of you! I'll always be there waiting in the darkest shadows of your mind! I'll be back, Twilight! And this time, I won't stop 'til I have all the magic!
Twilight Sparkle: No!
Twilight Sparkle: STOP!
Spike: Twilight, wake up!
Pinkie Pie: We can't stop, silly! We're not there yet!
Sunset Shimmer: Hey, are you okay?
Twilight Sparkle: Heh. I'm fine.
Pinkie Pie: We are gonna have so much fun! We're gonna roast marshmallows and eat marshmallows and sleep on marshmallow pillows!
Rainbow Dash: Yeah, probably not gonna do that.
Pinkie Pie: Maybe you're not!
Principal Celestia: Attention, students, we're almost there. But before we arrive, we just wanted to say how proud we are of you for raising enough money to go on this class field trip.
Vice Principal Luna: When we were your age, we made some of our favorite memories in these woods, and we're sure you will, too.
Principal Celestia: Now who's excited for Camp Everfree?!

[All]
Will you be lost by time or be part of history?
Will your story be told or remain a mystery?
Will they sing your song, telling all that you have done?
Time to make your choice, only you can be the one.
Oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
As you join in the Legend of Everfree!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Will you do something great with the time that you have here?
Will you make your mark, will you conquer what you fear?
And when you go back home, everybody there will see
You were part of the Legend of Everfree!
Oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)
Will you find your greatest glory?
Will you be a falling star?
Here to learn what nature teaches
Here to learn more who you are
Will you be lost by time or be part of history?
Will your story be told or remain a mystery?
And when you go back home, everybody there will see
You were part of the Legend of Everfree!
Oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
As you join in the Legend of Everfree!
Hey!

Fluttershy: Isn't Camp Everfree just beautiful? Oh, I can't wait until we have our first nature walk.
Spike: I definitely wanna go on one of those.
Fluttershy: You wanna smell the adorable woodland creatures, too?
Spike: Yeah! Specifically squirrels! More specifically, so I can chase 'em! 
Applejack: I'm just lookin' forward to roughin' it. I'm gonna make my own shelter, forage for food...
Rainbow Dash: Uh, you know they provide us with food in tents, right?
Applejack: Yep! Still gonna forage though.
Rarity: I'm just after some R&R. The past year has all been a bit too much for my taste.
Pinkie Pie: I'll say! We fought three evil sirens who tried to hypnotize everybody with their singing, one ridiculously competitive rival school, and two demon friends! Uh, heh heh, no offense.
Sunset Shimmer: None taken. You'll get used to it.
Applejack: Yep. Canterlot High has become a regular magic magnet. Gonna be nice gettin' away to a place where we don't have to worry 'bout that kinda stuff.
Flash Sentry: Here ya go, Twilight.
Twilight Sparkle: Thanks. It's Flash, right?
Flash Sentry: Yup, that's me! And you're you. And we don't know each other very well. Cool story, bro.
Twilight Sparkle: Right. I guess I'll... see you around.
Sunset Shimmer: You know how there's that girl who looks just like you when she's here but lives in another dimension and she's a pony princess?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh-huh.
Sunset Shimmer: Flash kinda had a... thing for her.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh.
Gloriosa Daisy: Hey, everyone! If you could start heading to the courtyard, that'd be rad! It's time to start the best week of camp ever!
Gloriosa Daisy: Hi, everyone! Welcome to Camp Everfree! I'm Gloriosa Daisy, your camp director! Think of me as your friendly camp and nature guide. And this is my brother, Timber Spruce!
Timber Spruce: Think of me as that awesome guy... who should always be invited to fun things.
Gloriosa Daisy: We aim to please, so before we hand out our tent assignments, we'd like to hear from all of you. You're free to do whatever you like here!
Timber Spruce: Uh, except hike near the rock quarry. That's off limits.
Gloriosa Daisy: Yes, but otherwise, your options are wide open. So what activities will make this the very best week of your lives ever?
Rainbow Dash: Ooh! Rock climbing!
Gloriosa Daisy: Done!
Rainbow Dash: Archery!
Gloriosa Daisy: Of course!
Rainbow Dash: Tetherball!
Gloriosa Daisy: Naturally!
Sunset Shimmer: Rainbow, I know you're excited, but maybe give somebody else a chance to make a suggestion.
Bulk Biceps: Arts and crafts! My mom... needs new pot holders.
Gloriosa Daisy: I'll supply the looms!
Pinkie Pie: Cookie decorating!
Gloriosa Daisy: I do make a mean sugar cookie.
Fluttershy: Early morning nature walks?
Gloriosa Daisy: With walking sticks for everyone!
Rarity: Me! Oh, uh, a fashion show! Where I design the most fabulous camp looks inspired by today's hottest trends and have them modeled by my classmates in a gorgeous outdoor setting!
Gloriosa Daisy: A camp tradition!
Timber Spruce: We have literally never done that.
Gloriosa Daisy: I'll be taking requests the rest of the time you're here, so if there's anything you'd like to do, anything you need, just ask.
Principal Celestia: But what about the camp gift? That was my favorite Camp Everfree tradition.
Gloriosa Daisy: The camp gift! Of course!
Timber Spruce: Really?
Gloriosa Daisy: Yes, really.
Timber Spruce: Well, I just thought...
Gloriosa Daisy: Then you thought wrong!
Sunset Shimmer: Anyone else picking up on a little tension between Gloriosa and her brother?
Pinkie Pie and Twilight Sparkle: Ehhh...
Pinkie Pie: Little.
Gloriosa Daisy: Every year, campers work together to create something useful. A gift for future campers. Working toward this common goal is key to forming the strong bonds that will last well beyond your time here at camp! Which is why it's so important. This gazebo was a gift from last year's group. Oh, oh, oh, and the totem pole and the sundial were also made by campers!
Principal Celestia: The sundial was our year's gift!
Vice Principal Luna: Even though "some people" thought it was a little impractical, since the sundial can't be used at night.
Gloriosa Daisy: You all seem like a-a really amazing group. So I'm certain you'll come up with something inspiring to leave behind.
Timber Spruce: Speaking of leaving things behind, now's the time when we give out tent assignments. So you can leave your heavy bags behind.
Gloriosa Daisy: Uh, girls will be getting their assignments from Timber. Guys, you're with me.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, boy! Hmm... Yay! I'm in the Emerald Tent!
Rarity: Ooh, me, too!
Applejack: Aquamarine.
Rainbow Dash: Me, too!
Applejack: Woohoo!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, yeah!
Fluttershy: I got Amethyst.
Sunset Shimmer: Sapphire.
Twilight Sparkle: Me, too! I mean, I'm assuming I am. Heh heh. Technically, sapphires aren't just blue. Heh heh. They can be pink, purple, yellow...
Timber Spruce: Yeah, but they're mostly blue. That's why they're named after the Latin word, sapphirus. That means, "blue".
Twilight Sparkle: I know. But did you know that sapphires are just rubies without chromium?
Timber Spruce: No. But did you know that Sapphire Tent is the best one?
Twilight Sparkle: No. Why's that?
Timber Spruce: Because you're in it.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I bet you say that to all the campers.
Timber Spruce: Not true. You're in the Ruby Tent? Ha! That's the worst one!
Bulk Biceps: Ah, man!
Timber Spruce: I'm just jokin', buddy. The Ruby Tent is great. It's like a sapphire, but with chromium.
Timber Spruce: But the Ruby and Coral Tents do look an awful lot alike to the undiscerning eye. I better show you where it is. See ya around.
Twilight Sparkle: What?
Applejack: Heh. Nothin'.
Rarity: Ooh! That was adorable!
Gloriosa Daisy: Okay, everyone, go get settled in. We'll be meeting at the docks in fifteen minutes to go over some camp safety rules! Lemme know if you need anything!
Filthy Rich: I need somethin'.
Gloriosa Daisy: Filthy Rich! So nice to see you. What are you doing here?! Camp is just getting started!
Filthy Rich: Just takin' in the scenery, Gloriosa Daisy. It's so... hmm... relaxin'.
Gloriosa Daisy: Well, you can look around when camp is over! Now, if you don't mind...
Filthy Rich: Fine.
Gloriosa Daisy: Filthy Rich is, uh, an alumni of the camp. He likes to check on his old stomping grounds every now and again. But enough about him. Find your tents and put away your things. We've got the best week of camp ever to begin!
Rarity: I'm all for learning safety rules, but I do hope I can get started on my designs for the camp fashion show sooner rather than later.
Applejack: Huh. I still can't believe you talked Gloriosa into havin' a fashion show. We're in the middle of the woods for cryin' out loud! We're s'posed to be roughin' it!
Rarity: It's clear from Gloriosa's own wardrobe that she appreciates a well put together look. Even if we are in the... middle of the woods.
Applejack: Fair enough. Just as long as you don't put me in one of your fancy pants outfits. Yer gonna, aren't ya?
Rarity: No. Yes! Don't worry. It'll absolutely speak to your personal sense of fashion...
Sunset Shimmer: Oooooooooohhhh.... That was weird back there, right? With that guy, Filthy Rich?
Twilight Sparkle: Huh? Oh. Uh, I guess so.
Sunset Shimmer: I just have this feeling that Gloriosa's hiding something. Her brother is pretty cute, though, huh?
Twilight Sparkle: He's okay.
Sunset Shimmer: Ooooh, now look who's trying to hide something!
Twilight Sparkle: No, I'm not!
Sunset Shimmer: Hey, you okay? You seemed a little freaked out on the bus earlier.
Spike: Probably had another one of her nightmares.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm fine. I mean, what do I have to complain about? Ever since I transferred here, everyone from CHS has been really nice and accepting, especially considering what happened at the Friendship Games.
Sunset Shimmer: That wasn't your fault. Principal Cinch is the one who encouraged you to try and use all that magic to win the games for Crystal Prep. You weren't ready to have that kind of power. But it's over now. And if there's any group that's gonna forgive you for something that happened in the past, trust me, it's this one.
Rainbow Dash: You guys comin' or what?
Sunset Shimmer: Be right there! I just wanna put on some sunscreen. Huh. Coulda sworn I packed it.
Twilight Sparkle: Found it!

Sunset Shimmer: Did you? How is this possible?
Twilight Sparkle: I can't believe this. It's...
Sunset Shimmer: Amazing! Twilight Sparkle: Terrible!
Sunset Shimmer: Are you kidding? This is great! I mean, we've all ponyed up before, gotten the whole ears and wings and tail thing, shot magical rainbow lasers, but nothing like this has ever happened! How did you do it?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know! Maybe I didn't? Maybe it's her?!
Sunset Shimmer: Her who?
Twilight Sparkle: Nothing. Nevermind. Can we just not talk about it? And could you please not bring this whole levitating thing up to the others?
Sunset Shimmer: Why not?
Twilight Sparkle: You heard Applejack. This is supposed to be the place where everyone can get away from magic. I don't want them to know I brought some crazy new kind with me.
Sunset Shimmer: If you really don't want me to, I won't say anything.
Twilight Sparkle: I really don't.
Sunset Shimmer: Okay, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing! Omm... Omm... 
Spike: I think you just gotta have to pick it up.
Gloriosa Daisy: ...show up like that!
Sunset Shimmer: What did you say?
Gloriosa Daisy: I... didn't say anything. Just here to make sure everyone was headed over to the docks! Did you need something?
Sunset Shimmer: Nope.
Gloriosa Daisy: Because if there is anything I can do to make this week the best week ever, you just let me know. I've got this!
Sunset Shimmer: Thanks, I'm good. People that chipper make me nervous.
Pinkie Pie: This is gonna be so much fun!
Sunset Shimmer: I guess not all people.
Rarity: Oh, it's beautiful, isn't it? It looks like a diamond shining in the sun!
Fluttershy: It is lovely out here. The fresh air, the cool breeze, the birds that land on your finger.
Rainbow Dash: I think that only happens to you.
Gloriosa Daisy: Lake activities are available every day until sunset, so if you want to canoe, sail, windsurf or swim, just let me know.
Fluttershy: Aren't they just the cutest?
Timber Spruce: Whoa! I know I'm charming, but you don't have to fall for me.
Flash Sentry: Guess I can't get too jealous, right? After all, she isn't my Twilight. Not that the other Twilight was mine! But, we were... you know.
Sunset Shimmer: Yeah. I get it. But if your Twilight is a princess in Equestria, hate to break it to you, but that's where she's gonna spend most of her time.
Flash Sentry: So you're saying I just need to get over it?
Sunset Shimmer: Kinda, yeah.
Flash Sentry: Ouch! You're not pulling any punches.
Sunset Shimmer: Not really my style. Sorry.
Vice Principal Luna: This is a safety hazard. I suggest we close down the dock for the remainder of the camp.
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, I'm sure it won't have to be for the remainder of the camp. Just needs to be patched up a bit. I've got this!
Applejack: Huh. Or maybe we do! If you ask me, this whole dock needs to go. Building a new one could be our camp gift. Sure, it would benefit us, but a nice new dock would benefit future campers, too.
Timber Spruce: I don't know. It's an awful lot of work. I wouldn't want you guys to miss out doing other fun camp stuff, because you're so busy building a dock for future campers.
Rainbow Dash: I hear what you're saying, Timber, but we're Canterlot Wondercolts! We've got a reputation to uphold! And there's no way we're gonna leave this place without contributing the most awesome camp gift ever! I'm with AJ, building a new dock is definitely it! What do you guys think?
Gloriosa Daisy: Looks like it's settled, then.
Timber Spruce: Looks like it.
Sunset Shimmer: That's some tension alright.
Twilight Sparkle: We can reinforce the foundation.
Applejack: make it nice and sturdy.
Sunset Shimmer: And we can add a woodcarved sign this is Camp Everfree.
Fluttershy: And little boxes with food so you can feed the ducks and fishes.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, we'll add lanterns so you can see at night!
Rarity: Oh, it's stunning! And will make an absolutely perfect runway for my camp fashion show!
Applejack: Or importantly, it will be a great place for docking canoes and feeding the wildlife.
Rarity: Oh, you say tomato, I say perfect place to showcase glamorous boho-chic stylings.
Twilight Sparkle: What do you guys think?
Principal Celestia: It's going to be a lot of work, but we can do it!
Pinkie Pie: Yes! Adult supervision!
Applejack: Huh, nice hammer. Where did you get it?
Rainbow Dash: Em, duh! The toolbox?
Applejack: Hah, that's cool. I made mine.
Rainbow Dash: Guh.
Twilight Sparkle: Making lanterns out of solar-powered garden lights! Pretty crafty there, Timber!
Timber Spruce: You think that's crafty? You should see my macaroni art. I'm like the Picasso of noodles.
Principal Celestia: Aright, now! You've made a lot of progress. But it's going to be getting dark soon. We can pick this up tomorrow between our other camp activities.
Gloriosa Daisy: Everyone, get cleaned out, and we'll gather by the fire pit at eight to share s'mores and scary stories!
Pinkie Pie: S'MORES!!!

Rarity: And that's when she looked down and realized she was wearing purple socks with the burgundy dress! Purple and burgundy, darlings! The same color family!
Applejack: That was a terrifying story.
Rainbow Dash: Yeah, I' m terrified she'll try to tell it again.
Vice Principal Luna: Anyone else have a spooky story?
Timber Spruce: I have one. But I'm warning you, you might as well hug a friend now. That's how scary it is!
Fluttershy: Oh, dear.
Timber Spruce: It's time I told you about the legend of Gaia Everfree. Many years ago my great grandparents came to this forest. Seeing its beauty, they decided that it would be the perfect place for a camp. But once they started building, strange things started to happen. One pitch-black night, when the wind was howling, a tree branch crashed through the roof of their cabin. They screamed and ran outside, only to see the giant creature rising from the earth. She got wild hair, like the roots of a tree. Her mouth had jagged rock teeth and her eyes were pools of black tar. But her aura shimmered like diamonds. Anywhere she went, she left a trail of gemdust in her wake. Trembling, my great grandparents asked who she was and she wanted. In a deep and hollow voice she told them that her name was Gaia Everfree – an ancient spirit who held domain over the forest, and that my great grandparent were trespassing on her land. They begged her to let them stay and build their camp to share this wonderful place with others. Gaia Everfree finally agreed, but warned them that they would not be able to keep it forever. Some day she will return and reclaim the forest as her own. So if you see a trail of gemdust, you'll know that it is... Gaia Everfree!
Gloriosa Daisy: Hey, guys! Sorry, didn't mean to scare you!
Sunset Shimmer: Then why'd you come out of the bushes?
Gloriosa Daisy: I... took the scenic route, because the forest is beautiful at night. But no one else should do it without a guide, okay? Alright, everybody, time to head to you tents.
Snips: Oh, hey, Gloriosa. Do you have extra toothbrushes? I forgot mine.
Gloriosa Daisy: Sure do! I'll get one for you.
Snails: I'm scared of the dark! Do you have flashlights?
Gloriosa Daisy: Of course! I got this!
Spike: Fluttershy?
Fluttershy: Sorry, Spike. I guess that story got to me.
Applejack: Why? It can't be real.
Rainbow Dash: I don't know. Gaia Everfree some creature that got booted from Equestria and ended up in this world. That's what happened with the sirens.
Applejack: Eh. Sounded more like something that Timber was making up just to scare us. At least I hope it was. Last thing I want is to have camp ruined by some power-crazed magical creature.
Rarity: Oh, hear-hear. We had to deal with more than our fair share of those. At the Fall Formal, a musical showcase, the Friendship Ga– Well, I mean, you know, everything turned out alright, of course 
Twilight Sparkle: Mmm. I'm kinda tired. I'm in a turn in.
Sunset Shimmer: Maybe lay off bringing up what happened at the Friendship Games? I think she's still pretty sensitive about it.
Pinkie Pie: Our lips are sealed.
Midnight Sparkle: Here I am! Over here. I'm always here!
Twilight Sparkle: No!
Sunset Shimmer: Who's there? What happened?
Twilight Sparkle: Nothing. Sorry, Sunset.
Sunset Shimmer: Uh, Twilight, I think something happened.
Spike: Is it time to get up already?
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, we really have to talk about this.
Twilight Sparkle: No, we don't!
Sunset Shimmer: Hey, I know you don't want to, but I really think we need to figure out what's going on with your magic. If you could learn to control it–
Twilight Sparkle: That's just it! I'll never be able to control it!
Rainbow Dash: What happened?
Twilight Sparkle: I didn't mean to!
Sunset Shimmer: We didn't see anything, so we don't know what happened.
Sunset Shimmer: Are you okay?
Sandalwood: Yeah. It was so weird. We were stuck in a middle of the lake with no wind, then all of a sudden BAM! The wind picked up and we were pushed right into the dock.
Pinkie Pie: You don't think it was the spirit, do you?!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it was me.
Trixie: Spirit, show yourself! The Great and Powerful Trixie commands it!
Rarity: What's that?!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, man! All our hard work! Ruined!
Fluttershy: At least the fishes are really well.
Sunset Shimmer: Let's salvage what we can out of the water. Maybe we can still fix this?
Rarity: We have to try! Camp Everfree needs our runway!
Applejack: Dock.
Rarity: Dock, yes, that's what I meant.

[Twilight Sparkle]
It used to be so simple
It was a world I understood
I didn't know what I didn't know
And life seemed pretty good
But now the darkness rises
From somewhere deep inside of me
Her power all but takes me
Can I keep this midnight from getting free?
If I can stay with the light
I know I'll be free
And I can start to be whole
I can start to be me
But instead I am struggling
With all that I see
And these friends
Mustn't see the midnight in me
The midnight in me-ee
They mustn't see the midnight in
Meeeee

Spike: So many squirrels.
Sunset Shimmer: Spike?
Spike: Ah! Oh, aw man! I was having the best dream. Wait, that dream could be a reality!
Sunset Shimmer: Before you run off to chase squirrels, do you have any idea where Twilight could be? I really need to talk to her.
Spike: What happened? Did you do that lifting things off the ground again?
Sunset Shimmer: That's just it, I don't know if it was her, but if it was, we need to deal with it head on.
Spike: I can track her down.
Twilight Sparkle: Keep it together. Deep breaths. You are not a monster.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, hi. What are you doing here?
Timber Spruce: Uh, looking for you.
Twilight Sparkle: Oh, I just went on a nature walking, got a little lost.
Timber Spruce: Let me show you the way. I'm kind of an expert on these woods. I've lived here my whole life.
Twilight Sparkle: That must have been nice. Growing up at a camp.
Timber Spruce: Yeah, though it has its downsides. When I was younger I wish we would sell this place so we can live in a town like normal people.
Twilight Sparkle: Really?
Timber Spruce: I was ten. I really wanted to hang out in the mall.
Timber Spruce: I've never told that to anyone. You must be special. And not just because you have tree branch in your hair.
Twilight Sparkle: Uh. How long has that been in there?
Timber Spruce: Not long. Just the whole time we were talking.
Twilight Sparkle: Then why didn't you say something?
Sunset Shimmer: I guess we can help Twilight deal with the magic stuff a little later.
Principal Celestia: Rope climbing is all about perseverance and trust. Rarity, you can trust that Applejack will spot you.
Rainbow Dash: Yeah, so you can totally go faster than you're going.
Applejack: Rainbow Dash!
Rainbow Dash: Sorry. I've been waiting to do this since we got here.
Rarity: Well, you have to wait a little longer, darling.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, good! Twilight, if you spot me, I can finally go. I'll go get another harness.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm not sure–
Timber Spruce: I'll better make sure my sister doesn't need anything. See you later.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, there you are! I was looking for you!
Spike: Was than an earthquake?
Twilight Sparkle: We aren't near any fault lines.
Bulk Biceps: Hey! Who left this crystally dusty stuff here?!
Rarity: I-I believe I'd like to come down now!
Applejack: Sorry, it's a little bit stuck.
Rarity: Applejack! What are you doing?!
Principal Celestia: Is everything okay over there?
Applejack: Uh, I don't know what happened. I didn't even pull the rope that hard. It's like she was light as a feather all of sudden.
Rarity: I was scared half to death!
Applejack: It wasn't my fault! Let me help you get your harness out.
Rarity: No, thank you!
Principal Celestia: What in the world just happened?!
Rarity: Oh, dear! I am so sorry! I think. Did I just do... whatever that was?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think it was your fault. I need to get Applejack towel.
Sunset Shimmer: Me too. You're not the only one with a new kind of magic! This is great!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it's not! Rarity and Applejack could have really hurt each other! Why is this happening? I don't–
Gloriosa Daisy: Hi, girls! Anything I can do for you?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh, Applejack just fallen to the lake!
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, no! She's gonna need warm towels, dry clothes, oh, and a hot cocoa! I've got this!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: Fluttershy?

Sunset Shimmer: What happened?!
Fluttershy: You know, we were just decorating cookies and–
Pinkie Pie: And I was all "You need more sprinkles! And you need more sprinkles!"
Sunset Shimmer: So, standard Pinkie Pie stuff.
Pinkie Pie: I was just tossing sprinkles to Fluttershy, when all of a sudden they glowed pink and exploded!
Pinkie Pie: Just like that, only earlier!
Sunset Shimmer: Oookaay, why don't you lay off touching stuff for a while?
Fluttershy: Oh, dear. We really should clean all of this up. Can someone help me out?
Fluttershy: Thank you, mister bird.
Fluttershy: Why, of course I can get you little something to–Did you just... talk?
Fluttershy: But I don't speak chirp.
Fluttershy: I don't know if you're the only bird I can understand.
Fluttershy: Oh, no! Please don't call for your friends.
Fluttershy: It's nice to meet all of you, too.
Sunset Shimmer: Were you just talking to the birds?
Fluttershy: Um, yes?
Applejack: Did you tell them what happened? So crazy! I hoisted Rarity up the wall climbing wall like it was nothing! Like I had way more strength than I usually do.
Rarity: And I made diamondy thing appear out of nowhere, which normally I'd be excited about. I mean, the facets were just perfect. And the–
Applejack: Rarity!
Rarity: Oh, sorry. It knocked Applejack over and then it disappeared!
Applejack: Speaking of disappearing, has anybody seen Rainbow Dash?
Rainbow Dash: Ow!
Applejack: Whoa! How did you do that?
Rainbow Dash: I don't know. I've started running to get the harness, and the next thing I knew I was practically back in town!
Rarity: But if you had some sort of superspeed, why you were gone for so long?
Rainbow Dash: Because I lost it when I got far away. And then it came back when got close to camp.
Pinkie Pie: Being at camp is giving us all new magical abilities!
Sunset Shimmer: Not all of us has gotten new abilities. I haven't, but Twilight– hasn't, either.
Applejack: So much for my theory that leaving CHS would mean leaving any new magic business behind.
Sunset Shimmer: Something at the camp must be making this happen.
Fluttershy: Um, Gaia Everfree? 
Gloriosa Daisy: Applejack! I was looking for you! Here, I brought you some towels and dry clothes. Uh, what happened in here.
Sunset Shimmer: We're kinda trying to figure that out.
Gloriosa Daisy: Well, don't worry about it. I got this!
Sandalwood: Gloriosa, I kicked my beanbag into the lake!
Gloriosa Daisy: I'll get you another one!
Derpy: And I'm all out of arrows!
Gloriosa Daisy: Say no more! New arrows coming right up!
Timber Spruce: There you are! Filthy Rich is back. Do you want me to handle it?
Gloriosa Daisy: Absolutely not! I got this! 
Sunset Shimmer: Fluttershy, enough with the screaming!
Fluttershy: I didn't scream.
Rainbow Dash: For once.
Rarity: Nobody did.
Sunset Shimmer: Huh?
Principal Celestia: Attention, campers! Anyone who's interested in making floating paper lanterns, please meet us by the picnic tables.
Applejack: I don't know about the rest of y'all, but I've been looking forward to coming here for a month. Maybe we'll forget about this new magic for a bit and just try to focus on enjoying our time at camp?
Rarity: I was also excited about designs I've come up for the camp fashion show.
Rainbow Dash: And I've barely gotten to whoop anybody in tetherball.
Sunset Shimmer: I think we should try to figure it out. But if letting it go for now is what the rest of you want...

Rarity: Um, Pinkie Pie, what are you doing?
Pinkie Pie: Putting marshmallows in my lantern. Then when we light them, mine will be beautiful and delicious!
Spike: Hey, Twilight, why aren't you with everyone else?
Twilight Sparkle: Sunset said something at camp is causing the other girls to get new magic. I think it's Midnight Sparkle. She's still part of me. I can feel it. And I think her magic is infecting my friends.
Spike: What are we gonna do?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't know what I can do.
Gloriosa Daisy: Okay, everyone! It's time to watch your lanterns fly!
Timber Spruce: Hey, cool lantern! Mine's my face.
Timber Spruce: Uh, you okay?
Twilight Sparkle: Mhm.
Timber Spruce: You don't seem like yourself tonight.
Gloriosa Daisy: Ready? And... Go!
Pinkie Pie: Aw! Oh well! Now I get to eat it! Yep, Beautiful and delicious.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight? Twilight! Oh, where is she going? Twilight? What are you doing out here?
Twilight Sparkle: We're... we're meeting a cab to take us home.
Spike: She thought you'd talk her out of it.
Sunset Shimmer: Because I would. Twilight, you can't leave.
Pinkie Pie: You don't think it was the spirit, do you?!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it was me.
Twilight Sparkle: I think it's Midnight Sparkle. She's still part of me. I can feel it. And I think her magic is infecting my friends.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, there's no Midnight Sparkle, there's only you.
Twilight Sparkle: How did you know what I was thinking?
Sunset Shimmer: When I touched your hand, I can see things. I can understand why you were leaving. My new magic! This is my new magic! This is incredible!
Twilight Sparkle: No, it's not. I'm infecting you now!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, you have to stop looking at this as a bad thing.
Twilight Sparkle: Easy for you to say. Magic turned you into something beautiful. The last time I tried to use it, it turned me into a monster. I'm just so afraid it's gonna happen again.
Sunset Shimmer: Yes, last time  I turned into something amazing, but I've let magic turn me into a monster, too. So if anyone understands what you're going through, it's me. I can help you, Twilight. And the rest of our friends can be there for you, too. But not if you run away.
Twilight Sparkle: I'll stay. I still don't think it's a good idea for me to be near the rest of our friends right now. Not until we know why this is happening.
Sunset Shimmer: Understood.
Sunset Shimmer: What was that?!
Timber Spruce: Oh, wait. Twilight?
Twilight Sparkle: Timber? I'm so glad it's just you! Wait, what are you doing out here?
Sunset Shimmer: With an axe.
Timber Spruce: I was chopping down firewood.
Sunset Shimmer: In the middle of a night?
Timber Spruce: We needed more for tomorrow night's campfire. And if I didn't take care of it tonight, it would be one more thing Gloriosa would add to her list. I've got this!
Timber Spruce: What about you two? Why are you hanging out in the woods in the middle of a night?
Sunset Shimmer: Oh, I was sleepwalking. Twilight found me and was bringing me back to camp.
Twilight Sparkle: Mhm.
Timber Spruce: Come on, I'll walk you guys back. I'll protect you from Gaia Everfree! Everfree! Everfree!
Sunset Shimmer: Come on, that's obviously just a spooky story you made up to tell around the campfire.
Timber Spruce: Oh, no. It's legit. How else would you explain what happened at the docks? And that weird thing when the earth shook? Uh, come on, I know a shortcut back to the tents.
Sunset Shimmer: Legit, huh? I think we just found our Gaia Everfree.
Spike: But why would he work so hard to make us think she was real?
Sunset Shimmer: You heard what he said about wishing his sister would sell this camp. If nobody wants to come here, because it's home to some angry ancient nature spirit, it sure would help his cause.
Spike: We should tell Twilight.
Sunset Shimmer: Not yet. She's obviously going on through a lot right now. We should probably be a hundred percent sure before we tell her the guy she likes is a jerk who's trying to run everybody out of camp.
Spike: Uh-huh!
Rainbow Dash: Phew! Uh, you gonna give us a hand here, Rarity?
Rarity: Oh, I'd love to, but I really need to get the stitching on this poncho done before it's going to make it into the camp fashion show. Not to haste you two with moving. I don't know that the runway will ever be finished.
Applejack: The dock is our gift to the camp and it's gonna get finished. That is if Rainbow Dash would hurry up and bring me more wood.
Rainbow Dash: Oh, I can't go any faster! I don't want to end up in the woods again.
Applejack: Don't be silly.
Rainbow Dash: Really?
Applejack: I know I said we should try to forget all about this new magic business, but I can't. What if I hammer the board into splinters?
Applejack: Aw, shoot! I'm out of nails.
Pinkie Pie: Oh, here you go!
Rarity, Fluttershy, Applejack and Rainbow Dash: Pinkie, no! 
Pinkie Pie: What? Oh, did you think the nails would explode like the sprinkles? Wow! Glad that didn't happen, huh?
Rarity: Sorry, girls. I didn't mean to. And I don't know how to control this.
Rainbow Dash: It's okay.
Fluttershy: Oh, none of us do.
Sunset Shimmer: Which is why we shouldn't pretend this isn't happening.
Rainbow Dash: Do you have it now, too?
Sunset Shimmer: It started last night. When I touch people, it's like I can feel what they're feeling and see their memories.
Pinkie Pie: Oooh, fancy! Try me, try me!
Pinkie Pie: Lalalala. Ooh, taffy!
Sunset Shimmer: That explains so much.
Pinkie Pie: Yep.
Sunset Shimmer: Girls, we can't just brush these powers aside, because it doesn't seem like the ideal time to get them. What if it turns out that they could actually make things better?

[Sunset Shimmer]
So you have magic
And it's not that great
But when it found you
You know it was fate
And it might seem scary now
But it can be wonderful, too
So, how about we embrace the magic
And make the magic part of you
You take a little dash of magic
And you let it ignite
Mix things up a little bit
And it might start to go right
In just five seconds flat
How the story has changed
All cause now you've embraced the magic
And it just got better in every way
I say embrace the magic
No more holding back, just let it out
If you can take the magic
And learn a little more what it can do
Once the magic is part of you
What's standing in your way
That you can't move today?
You've got the strength in you
To make your dreams come true
No need to shield yourself
From the magic that can help
Protect from any harm
That might come
So you have magic
And it's not that great
But when it found you
You know it was fate
So, if you listen close
You might make a new friend
And together we can make it!
I say embrace the magic
No more holding back, just let it out
If you can take the magic
And learn a little more what it can do
Once the magic is part of you
Once the magic is part of yoooou
Once the magic is part of yoooou
Once the magic is part of you

Rainbow Dash: Okay, that was pretty awesome!
Sunset Shimmer: And look what you managed to accomplish!
Rarity: Please, please, please, can we do a run-through for the fashion show on it right this minute?
Applejack: Thought you weren't finished with the stitching on your poncho.
Rarity: I am now.
Sunset Shimmer: Get started without me. I've got to find Twilight. Seeing what we've been able to do here might make her embrace the new magic, too! Uh, not that she has any.
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you! You have to let it go!
Sunset Shimmer: I knew it! He wants her to get rid of the camp!
Sunset Shimmer and Flash Sentry: Uh!
Flash Sentry: Sunset Shimmer? What were you doing behind that door?
Sunset Shimmer: What? Um, nothing. I, um, lost an earring. Uh, there it is!
Flash Sentry: Hey, listen. I'm glad I ran into you. I really wanted to thank you.
Sunset Shimmer: For what?
Flash Sentry: Huh, for the tough love. Telling me I should get over Twilight. I needed to hear that.
Sunset Shimmer: Sure, no problem.
Flash Sentry: Is something wrong?
Sunset Shimmer: What? No. Why?
Flash Sentry: Come on, Sunset. We used to date. I know when something's bothering you.
Sunset Shimmer: Okay, here's the deal. My friend really likes someone, but I don't think that someone isn't who she thinks they are. I don't wanna upset my friend by telling what I think, because I also want to protect her, because if what I think is happening is really happening, then she deserves to know. You know?
Flash Sentry: No. But what I do know is that your friend is lucky to have someone like you to look out for her.
Sunset Shimmer: Really?
Flash Sentry: Yeah. You know, you've changed a lot since we went out. You're so much... nicer.
Sunset Shimmer: Thanks. I'm glad you noticed.
Flash Sentry: Uh, look, maybe you and me... We could start over as... friends.
Sunset Shimmer: Uh, uh, sounds great. I gotta go!
Flash Sentry: Cool, yeah! I want to start over later, too! Hah.
Sunset Shimmer: Ah, shoot! He's definitely up to something!
Twilight Sparkle: It's Sunset. She says to meet her by the rock quarry.
Spike: I thought we weren't supposed to hike out that far.
Twilight Sparkle: She says it's important!
Twilight Sparkle: What is that?
Sunset Shimmer: Shh!
Twilight Sparkle: What's going on down there?
Sunset Shimmer: I think it's Gaia Everfree. Or rather someone who wants us to think she's back. C'mon!
Twilight Sparkle: This place is beautiful.
Sunset Shimmer: There's Equestrian magic here. I can... I can feel it.
Spike: Wait. I thought that Timber was just faking there was magical nature creature. Are you saying it's real?
Twilight Sparkle: Timber? What does he have to do with any of this?
Gloriosa Daisy: Nothing. It's all me.
Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa? But... Timber. I was sure he was the one trying to make it seem like Gaia Everfree was back. It was you who was trying to scare everyone away?
Gloriosa Daisy: I would never try scare anyone away from Camp Everfree.
Filthy Rich: My, my. You fell behind on your payments, Gloriosa. I own the land now.
Gloriosa Daisy: Please, my great grandparents founded this place. It's been in our family for generations! You have to let the camp stay!
Filthy Rich: Instead of turning it into a spa resort that will line my pockets with more money than this camp ever could? I don't think so.
Gloriosa Daisy: Please! I-I-I-I just need a little more time!
Filthy Rich: Fine. I'll give you 'til the end of the month. Hmph.
Gloriosa Daisy: What will I do?
Gloriosa Daisy: Huh?
Gloriosa Daisy: Oof. Wow!
Timber Spruce: You don't know what those things are!
Gloriosa Daisy: But I know what they can do! I've been practicing! I can control their power now!
Timber Spruce: You don't know that for sure!
Gloriosa Daisy: This is our camp and it's being taken away! If this has to be our last week here, I'm going to use whatever it takes to make it count!
Timber Spruce: You were using magic all over the place! I had to tell them something to cover for you! What did you want me to do?
Gloriosa Daisy: I just wish you didn't tell them that ridiculous story!
Timber Spruce: Ah, this is all too much for you! You have to let it go!
Sunset Shimmer: Timber wasn't talking about letting go of the camp. He was talking about you letting go of the magical geodes! All those things you were doing to make this week the best week ever, every time you used magic to do them, you caused another problem somewhere else! Timber was... covering for you!
Gloriosa Daisy: How do you know what I was doing with the geodes? How do you know about the magic?
Sunset Shimmer: I can see things. Feel things. Because I have magic, too. And so does she. And so do our friends.
Twilight Sparkle: Gloriosa, Timber wasn't wrong. Maybe you should stop using magic? Too much of it can be dangerous if you can't control it!
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, I got this! And I'm going to use it to save my camp. I just need more power!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
Gaia Everfree: Sorry, girls. I know what I need to do. But I feel like we're not on the same page. So...
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: Gloriosa!
Twilight Sparkle and Sunset Shimmer: No!
Rarity: Where are Twilight and Sunset? Oh, they're missing our dress rehearsal.
Pinkie Pie: Uh-uh.
Rarity: I suppose we can get started without them. Whenever you're ready!
Rarity: Hmm, told you you'd like it.
Applejack: It's alright... I guess. I get to keep it after camp, though, right?
Snails: She looks... different.
Snips: Yeah. She looks... taller.
Rarity: This is only a preview. I've got another entire line I'll debut at the real thing.
Rarity: Why did you stop the–Oh my goodness!
Gaia Everfree: Attention, campers!
Trixie: It's Gaia Everfree!
Flash Sentry: She's real!
Bulk Biceps: Aah! We're doomed!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa?! What are you doing?!
Applejack: That's Gloriosa? Am I going crazy or her feet are not touching the ground?
Pinkie Pie: Freaky-deaky!
Gaia Everfree: I have an announcement to make! Filthy Rich wants this to be the last session of Camp Everfree. But don't worry, I got this!
Rainbow Dash: Oh, come on! We literally just finished building that!

[Gloriosa Daisy]
I have waited for the day
To send this greedy wolf away
Now the magic is my salvation
Gather close in my protection
We will stand for Everfree!
Behold the beauty of nature in all its glory
No need to fear the vultures at the door
Right here you have me to protect you
Within these walls of thorns
For Everfree forevermore!
They have come into our domain
Here to seal our camp in chains
But we have held it for generations
This is just a complication
We will stand for Everfree!
Trust in me, this is for your own good
Don't be afraid
Nature is our friend
All of this beauty that surrounds us
Every lovely bloom designed to defend
Let them come! Just let them try!
I'm not about to say goodbye!
This camp will be here throughout the ages
Written into the history pages
We will stand for Everfree!

Fluttershy: Oh, why do these kind of things always happen to us?
Rarity: What are we going to do?
Rainbow Dash: What we always do! Save the day!
Pinkie Pie: Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! This is gonna be so much fun! Oh, I only wish we had time to make superhero capes!
Rarity: Oh, me too!
Rainbow Dash: Duh, enough about our wardrobe! We've got to stop Gloriosa from trapping everybody in here!
Fluttershy: Um, hi. Do you think you can give us a hand– Um, or paw? We could really use a way out.
Applejack: Hmpf.
Applejack: This isn't working! Her magic is too strong!
Sunset Shimmer: Nice work, Spike! Twilight, you have to use your magic!
Twilight Sparkle: I don't think I can lift something that big.
Sunset Shimmer: It’s our only chance of getting out of here and helping our friends!
Gaia Everfree: Why are you fighting me? I'm doing this to save our camp! I'm doing this for you!
Rarity: Gloriosa, let's just think about this for a moment, shall we? I mean, I think Camp Everfree is absolutely delightful, but I just don't know if I'm quite ready to give up my weekly trips to the spa.
Gaia Everfree: To the spa. TO THE SPA?!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa, this isn't the way!
Gaia Everfree: I appreciate your concern, Timber, BUT I GOT THIS!
Timber Spruce: Gah. No, you don't!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, do you think you can use your magic?
Twilight Sparkle: I don't wanna use too much. Midnight Sparkle could take over.
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, our friends are in there!
Twilight Sparkle: Okay.
Timber Spruce: Please, Gloriosa. What you're doing is crazy. You have to listen to me!
Sunset Shimmer: That isn't Gloriosa.
Rarity: Twilight!
Applejack: Sunset!
Rainbow Dash: You're okay!
Sunset Shimmer: That isn't your sister. It's someone who's been consumed by Equestrian magic.
Timber Spruce: Whoever you are, you have to let my sister go! Please, Gloriosa, come back! I need you! Gloriosa!
Applejack: Rarity!
Rarity: I can't keep this up forever!
Sunset Shimmer: It's up to you. You can use your magic to pull the brambles apart!
Twilight Sparkle: No. There's too many of them. It would take too much magic. I can't!
Sunset Shimmer: It's the only way! You have to embrace the magic inside you!
Twilight Sparkle: What if she takes over? What if instead of saving everyone, I'll turn into Midnight Sparkle and only make things worse?
Sunset Shimmer: That won't happen! We won't let it.
Sunset Shimmer: Come on, Twilight! You have to be stronger than she is!
Midnight Sparkle: You will never control me! I will always be a part of you!
Twilight Sparkle: Nooo!
Sunset Shimmer: Twilight, listen to me! You are in charge!
Rarity: You are a light, darling! A force for good!
Rainbow Dash: Yeah! You can kick the darkness’s butt!
Pinkie Pie: We're here for you, Twilight!
Applejack: And we'll be here no matter what!
Fluttershy: We believe in you!
Sunset Shimmer: You are not Midnight Sparkle!
Twilight Sparkle: No! I am Twilight Sparkle! And the magic I carry inside me is the magic of friendship!
Gaia Everfree: No! Stop!
Timber Spruce: Gloriosa?
Gloriosa Daisy: What... What happened?
Timber Spruce: It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
Spike: You did it! Oh, nice bling.
Applejack: What... What are these?
Sunset Shimmer: I'm not sure. But clearly we have some kind of connection to them.
Rarity: I almost don't care what they are. They are gorgeous! And will totally go with the other collection I was working on for the camp fashion show! That's probably cancelled, isn’t' it?
Gloriosa Daisy: I am so sorry. I only wanted this to be the best week Camp Everfree has ever had. Then instead I've made it the worst. Maybe it's for the best that I'm losing the camp to Filthy Rich.
Principal Celestia: No, it's not. This camp has meant so much to so many people, my sister and me included.
Vice Principal Luna: Why do you think we wanted our students to come here?
Twilight Sparkle: We can't let Filthy Rich take this place away! If camp meant so much to you two, maybe it meant as much to the other campers who came here in years past?
Sunset Shimmer: And maybe we can get them to help save it!
Applejack: Oh, like a fundraiser?
Rarity: Or a ball?!
Rainbow Dash: Our band can play!
Fluttershy: I can help writing a new song just for the occasion!
Gloriosa Daisy: Those are all good ideas, but where would we hold it?
Sunset Shimmer: We can hold it in the crystal cave!
Rarity: A crystal ball! I'm on it!
Gloriosa Daisy: I admire everyone's enthusiasm, really, I do, but I-I just don't know how we're going to plan a ball by tomorrow and invite everyone.
Equestria Girls: We got this!

[Twilight Sparkle]
I used to think that stories were just that
Set in stone, concrete as a fact
It didn't dawn on me
That I could change history
[Sunset Shimmer]
Now I know I'm writing my own song
Fight my way to the ending that I want
I'll turn a tragedy
[Sunset Shimmer and Twilight Sparkle]
Into an epic fantasy
[The Rainbooms]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
You can be a hero (hero) too
Oh-oh-oh
Take my hand, I'm here for you
Come away with me
Be the legend you are meant to be
You'll always be
Ever free
Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah
To be the legend you are meant to be
Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah
To be the legend you are meant to be
[Fluttershy]
There was a time when fear would hold me down
Cause I let it chain me to the ground
[Rainbow Dash]
Look at me now, I'm soaring high
It's never boring in the sky
[Applejack]
When I know I've got friends on my side
Whatever trials I'll take them all in stride
[Rarity]
Together we will shine so bright
Radiant brilliance in the night
[The Rainbooms]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
You can be a hero (hero) too
Oh-oh-oh
Take my hand, I'm here for you
Come away with me
Be the legend you are meant to be
You'll always be
Ever free
Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah
To be the legend you are meant to be
Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah
To be the legend you are meant to be!

Gloriosa Daisy: Thank you all so much for coming. And for helping us raise enough money to... save Camp Everfree!
Gloriosa Daisy: Thank you for everything. Oh, if I just asked for help in the first place.
Rainbow Dash: Heh, don't sweat it, it's kinda what we do.
Timber Spruce: Not to brag or anything, but it's pretty cool how I saved all those campers from those Rubus fruticosus. Blackberry brambles.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm familiar with the genus, it's just a little weird you say you saved the campers. I thought I saved them.
Timber Spruce: Yeah. But I saved you from falling on the docks, so that you can save the campers. So technically, it was all me.
Twilight Sparkle: I'm really glad I met you.
Timber Spruce: Uh-oh.
Twilight Sparkle: What?
Timber Spruce: That sounds like a goodbye. And here I was hoping we'd still be able to hang out. Maybe get dinner and catch a movie?
Twilight Sparkle: Yeah. I'd really like that.
Timber Spruce: Oh, good! I was hoping that's what this meant.
Gloriosa Daisy: Oh, uh, sorry. I need to borrow Timber. There are some donors I really want him to meet. They were good friends with mom and dad.
Timber Spruce: Save me a dance, okay?
Twilight Sparkle: Uh-hah.
Rarity: Adorable.
Sunset Shimmer: He does seem like a pretty cool guy.
Rainbow Dash: You know what else is cool? Our awesome new superpowers!
Rainbow Dash: I handed out, like, four hundred fliers, set up the stage, and still had time to pick up pizza! I love my superspeed!
Sunset Shimmer: About that. I think the crystals are the source of the superpowers.
FLuttershy: You're not gonna ask us to give them up, are you?
Sunset Shimmer: No. In fact, I think maybe we were meant to have them all along?
Twilight Sparkle: Me too.
Sunset Shimmer: There's one thing I'm still wondering about, though.
Twilight Sparkle: What's that?
Sunset Shimmer: Where did the magic that hit this cave come from?

[Sunset Shimmer]
Somewhere's a book
With chapters still blank
[All]
Insi-i-ide
[Rarity]
It's the book of our lives
And the story is ours
[All]
To write
[Sunset Shimmer]
Ours to write
[Applejack]
Some pages fade
While others are black
[All]
And whi-i-ite
[Fluttershy]
And the story begins
Again every time
[All]
We try
[Applejack]
Every time we try
[All]
And hope shines eternal
And friends are all I need (Rainbow Dash: All I need)
And hope shines eternal (Twilight Sparkle: Shines eternal)
And the future is always bri-i-i-ight
When you're here with me

Rainbow Dash: Third time is a charm. Or is it fifth? I've lost track.
Rarity: All that matters is that the runway is finished.
Applejack: I think you mean "the dock"?
Rarity: Oh, tomahto, tomato.
Pinkie Pie: Let's celebrate!
